very good to all welcome to a
new skin this time it's about driver
in a new one is who for driven driver
commentator and start as always
so war cry
right now driver is being displayed
raven is coming out
raven is taking a parenthesis of
driver
let's see what match we have today
rave against some loser
and the mv of this game is trailer
let's see which are the most champions
powerful driver driver game
driver driver and driver
the dance
all right
and laughter
nobody knows how it will respond dryden is
clicking on the map
great idea will choose driven for this
departure needs as always
raven has tied the laces and is in
March
after this it will be better than socks me
I interviewed
a great driver movement
the map is now driver
raven moves very well on the map and
meanwhile driver
Hahaha
let's go to the spells here we see how it
move the character and how is it
Raven is giving a lesson in
placement
the auto tax
the q
to those driver rotations
the w
nobody knows how to answer the king here
we have sides until turning
another a classroom in driver's movement
the e
and the r
let's go to the record of recovery
and finally death
It was worth it
up here is skin I hope you have
liked and until the next video
two